Updates WhoisPrivacy enable/disable docs (#1019)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/whois-privacy.markdown

    ![Whois privacy in domain list](/files/whoisprivacy-domain-list.png)

> 1.  Click on the right arrow icon to open the domain feature menu, to disable the WHOIS Privacy service click on the <label>Disable WHOIS Privacy</label> link.

Reviewer: The screenshot is a little out of date (there is no arrow icon any more). I think that is fine because it is a tiny change, but let's have the words up to date:

```suggestion
1. Click on the horizontal ellipsis icon to open the domain actions menu.
1. Click on <label>Disable WHOIS Privacy</label>.
```
